# The start of a blog

Why? What is this 2005, are we making a Xanga? Not exactly. I wanted a place to post personal stuff that I could look back on, but also wanted to have a public space to showcase some projects and hobbies in my personal life. I am not a person who is very into social media or really publishing any public information on the internet -- more of a lurker -- but as I get older and learn to do more things with my kids I want a place to have pictures and notes and memories of things I or we worked on that aren't just lost to time in some various photo library off in the cloud. 

Besides that I'm hoping it gives me a place to showcase my talents in a professional sense for future employers, colleagues, and peers to link to a place and share ideas. It will allow me to link to posts about various hobbies. I also like to use this personal domain to test new tools and I really wanted to see if I could build a simple markdown parser that lets me write thoughts down in a simple markdown editor and just drop it on a fileserver. Nothing super complex just a simple tool to share journal entries. Was more simple than I thought, can expand on the idea if I end up writing more than I thought. 

## Testing a **new** markdown parser

There is definitely an easier way to set this up. But this original implementation is extremely barebones, using the [zero-md](https://github.com/zerodevx/zero-md) component. I had to modify it a little bit to get it to work how I wanted and get my styles to work from the rest of the site.

After that I was able to add another frame that links to all the files. I'm hoping to improve this functionality moving forward. Right now I just have a helper file that hosts the file name, path, and upload date. Then helpers to create the link name and url based on those values. Will post all of this to github for my personal lander as I build it. This part could use some work but functionally its all doing what I want for now with very little effort to upload new content.